:imagesdir: common/images
:installing-satellite-server-disconnected:
:numbered:
ifeval::["{build}" == "foreman"]
:toc:
:toc-placement: left
endif::[]

include::common/attributes.adoc[]

:context: satellite
:mode: disconnected
:ProductName: {ProjectServer}

= Installing {ProjectServer} from a Disconnected Network

include::common/assembly_preparing-environment-for-satellite-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]


== Installing {ProjectServer}

// Installing {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/installing_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Downloading and Installing from a Disconnected Network
include::common/modules/downloading_installing_satellite_disconnected.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Resolving Package Dependency Errors
include::common/modules/proc_resolving-package-dependancy-errors.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Performing the Initial Configuration of {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/performing_initial_configuration_sat_server_parent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Synchronizing the System Clock With chronyd
include::common/modules/proc_synchronizing-the-system-clock-with-chronyd.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Installing SOS
include::common/modules/installing_sos.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Specifying Installation Options
include::common/modules/specifying_installation_options_disconnected.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Performing the Initial Configuration Manually
include::common/modules/performing_initial_configuration_sat_server_manual_disconnected.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

// Performing the Initial Configuration Using an Answer File
include::common/modules/performing_initial_configuration_sat_server_answerfile.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

// Creating and Installing Manifests
include::common/modules/creating_and_installing_manifests.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Enabling Disconnected Mode
include::common/modules/enabling-the-disconnected-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

== Performing Additional Configuration on {ProjectServer}

// Performing Additional Configuration
include::common/modules/performing_additional_configuration_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::common/modules/proc_configuring-satellite-to-synchronize-content-with-a-local-cdn-server.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::common/modules/proc_importing-kickstart-repositories.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::common/modules/proc_reverting-satellite-to-download-content-from-red-hat-cdn.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Installing the {Project} Tools Repository
include::common/modules/enabling_the_satellite_tools_repository.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Synchronizing the {Project} Tools Repository
include::common/modules/synchronizing_the_satellite_tools_repository.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Enabling Power Management on Managed Hosts
include::common/modules/proc_enabling-power-management-on-managed-hosts.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring DNS, DHCP, and TFTP on {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/proc_configuring-dns-dhcp-and-tftp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Disabling DNS, DHCP, and TFTP for Unmanaged Networks
include::common/modules/disabling_dns_dhcp_tftp_for_unmanaged_networks.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring {ProjectServer} for Outgoing Emails
include::common/modules/configuring_satellite_outgoing_emails.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring {Project} with a Custom Server Certificate
include::common/assembly_configuring-satellite-custom-server-certificate.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Using External Databases with {Project}
include::common/modules/using_external_databases.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Restricting Access to mongod
include::common/modules/proc_restricting-access-to-mongod.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Tuning {ProjectServer} with Predefined Profiles
include::common/modules/tuning-satellite-server-with-predefined-profiles.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::common/assembly_configuring-external-services.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

:numbered!:

// Applying Custom Configuration to {Project}
include::common/modules/applying_custom_configuration_to_red_hat_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
