include::common/attributes.adoc[]
include::common/header.adoc[]
:upgrade-guide:
:context: upgrade-guide

= {UpgradingDocTitle}

// Upgrading Satellite Server overview
include::topics/upgrading_process_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::topics/upgrading_capsules_separately_from_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

ifdef::satellite[]
// Cloning Satellite Server
include::topics/cloning_satellite_server.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
endif::[]

== Upgrading {ProjectName}

// Upgrading Red Hat Satellite Introduction
include::topics/introduction_upgrading_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Upgrading Satellite Server
include::topics/upgrading_satellite_server_parent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Upgrading a Connected Satellite Server
include::topics/upgrading_a_connected_satellite_server.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

ifdef::satellite[]
// Upgrading a Disconnected Satellite
include::topics/upgrading_a_disconnected_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
endif::[]

ifdef::satellite[]
// Synchronizing the New Repositories
include::topics/synchronizing_the_new_repositories.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
endif::[]

// Upgrading Capsule Server
include::topics/upgrading_capsule_server.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Upgrading Satellite Clients
include::topics/upgrading_clients.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//Post-Upgrade Tasks
include::topics/post_upgrade_tasks.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Upgrading Discovery
include::topics/upgrading_discovery_parent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Upgrading Discovery on Satellite Server
include::topics/upgrading_discovery_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Upgrading Discovery on Capsule Server
include::topics/upgrading_discovery_capsule.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Configuring Subnets with a Template Capsule
include::topics/upgrading_discovery_subnet_with_a_template_capsule.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

ifdef::foreman-el,katello,satellite[]
// Upgrading Foreman/Katello from Enterprise Linux 7 to Enterprise Linux 8
include::common/modules/proc_upgrading-project-from-el7-to-el8.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
endif::[]

// Upgrading virt-who
include::topics/upgrading_virt_who.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Removing the Previous Version of the Satellite Tools Repository
include::topics/removing_satellite_tools_repository.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
// Reclaiming Database Space
include::common/modules/proc_reclaiming-postgresql-space.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Updating Templates, Parameters, Lookup Keys and Values
include::topics/post_upgrade_template_checks.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//Tuning Satellite Server with Predefined Profiles
include::common/modules/proc_tuning-with-predefined-profiles.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// == Migrating Project
ifdef::foreman-el,katello,satellite[]
// Migrating Project to EL 8
include::common/modules/con_migrating-project-to-el8.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Creating_a_Backup_of_a_Server_on_el7
include::common/modules/proc_creating-a-backup-of-a-server-on-el7.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Performing_a_Fresh_Installation_of_a_Server_on_el8
include::common/modules/ref_performing-a-fresh-installation-of-a-server-on-el8.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Restoring_a_Backup_of_a_Server_on_el8
include::common/modules/proc_restoring-a-backup-of-a-server-on-el8.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
endif::[]

ifdef::satellite[]
== Updating {ProjectServer}, {SmartProxyServer}, and Content Hosts
endif::[]

ifdef::foreman-el,katello[]
== Updating {ProjectServer} and Content Hosts
endif::[]

// Updating Red Hat Satellite Introduction
include::topics/introduction_updating_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Updating Satellite Minor Versions
include::topics/updating_satellite_server_to_next_minor_version.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

ifdef::satellite[]
// Updating Capsule Minor Versions
include::topics/updating_capsule_server_to_next_minor_version.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
endif::[]
