:imagesdir: common/images
:numbered:
:toc:
:toc-placement: left

include::common/attributes.adoc[]

:installing-satellite-server-connected:
:context: {project-context}
:mode: connected
:build: foreman-deb
:ProductName: {ProjectServer}

// This is an upstream only guide for Debian users

= {project-installation-guide-title}

include::common/assembly_preparing-environment-for-satellite-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Installing {ProjectServer}

// Installing {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/installing_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Installing {ProjectServer} from a Connected Network
include::common/modules/installing_satellite_connected_parent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring Repositories
include::common/modules/proc_configuring-repositories-deb.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Installing {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/installing_satellite_server_install_guide.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Performing the Initial Configuration of {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/performing_initial_configuration_sat_server_parent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Synchronizing the System Clock With chronyd
include::common/modules/proc_synchronizing-the-system-clock-with-chronyd.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Installing SOS
include::common/modules/installing_sos.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Specifying Installation Options
include::common/modules/specifying_installation_options.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Performing the Initial Configuration Manually
include::common/modules/performing_initial_configuration_sat_server_manual.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

// Performing the Initial Configuration Using an Answer File
include::common/modules/performing_initial_configuration_sat_server_answerfile.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

== Performing Additional Configuration on {ProjectServer}

// Performing Additional Configuration
include::common/modules/performing_additional_configuration_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+2]


// Enabling Power Management on Managed Hosts
include::common/modules/proc_enabling-power-management-on-managed-hosts.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring DNS, DHCP, and TFTP on {ProjectServer}
include::common/modules/proc_configuring-dns-dhcp-and-tftp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Disabling DNS, DHCP, and TFTP for Unmanaged Networks
include::common/modules/disabling_dns_dhcp_tftp_for_unmanaged_networks.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring {ProjectServer} for Outgoing Emails
include::common/modules/configuring_satellite_outgoing_emails.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Tuning {Project} with Predefined Profiles
include::common/modules/tuning-satellite-server-with-predefined-profiles.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Configuring External Services

// Configuring External Services
include::common/modules/configuring_satellite_external_services.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring {Project} with External DNS Service
include::common/modules/configuring_satellite_external_dns.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Verifying the External DNS Service
include::common/modules/verifying_external_dns.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring External DHCP Service
include::common/assembly_configuring-satellite-deployment-with-external-dhcp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring External TFTP Service
include::common/modules/configuring_satellite_external_tftp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Configuring the Firewall for External TFTP Service
include::common/modules/configuring_satellite_external_tftp_firewall.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Configuring {Project} with External IdM DNS
include::common/assembly_configuring-satellite-capsule-with-external-idm-dns.adoc[leveloffset=+2]


// About Running {Project} on AWS
include::common/modules/AWS_Introduction.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// AWS Deployment Scenarios
include::common/modules/AWS_Deployment_Scenarios.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// AWS Prerequisites
include::common/modules/AWS_Prerequisites.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Installing {Project} on AWS
include::common/modules/AWS_Installing_Satellite_AWS.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Installing {SmartProxy} on AWS
include::common/modules/AWS_Installing_Capsule_on_AWS.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

:numbered!:

// Applying Custom Configuration to {Project}
include::common/modules/applying_custom_configuration_to_red_hat_satellite.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
